now at least 11 Palestinians have been
killed by Israeli forces in the occupied
West Bank in multiple raids one of the
attacks targeted the village of budrus
early on Thursday morning 69
Palestinians have been killed and
1,300 have been injured by Israeli
forces or settlers in the occupied West
Bank since the 7th of October let's
speak now to Nita Ibrahim she joins us
from rala andita when we last spoke last
hour there was a raid ongoing in Al
refugee camp what's the latest that's
happening there
now well the raid in the N Shams refugee
camp near toim seems to be ongoing and
according to locals they expect it to be
a long one with Israeli forces taking
homes and positioning there we've
already seen an exchange of fire between
the armed groups in the camp and the
Israeli forces that have been raiding
the area for more than 5 hours now
they're expand Landing The Siege on the
camp and it's getting towards the uh uh
outskirts of the refugee camp we're
seeing bulldozers damaging the roads
they've cut electricity already people
are having problems connecting to the
internet as well and this is not the
first time it's important to note that
we were there three weeks ago and the
Israeli forces have uh raided refu the
refugee camp cut electricity damaged the
roads so it's something that usually
happens but according to locals the
intend it of the raid the reinforcements
that are coming into the camp shows that
it might be a long raid already we've
seen one Palestinian uh been killed by
Israeli fire a child 16y old and when
his father tried to approach him to help
him and fetch him away he was wounded as
well the son lost his life and he was uh
basically presented to his father for
the last farewell while the father was
inside the hospital because the
situation is still uh ongoing and
intense the funeral of this child and
16-year-old is not sure when it's going
to take place and basically it's an
intense situation it's an unfolding
story there andita not just there is it
we've got a number of Palestinians
killed in the occupied West Bank in the
last hour or two jumping from 4 to 11
tell us about raids that are happening
elsewhere well according to the latest
information we have from the Palestinian
Health Ministry just in the last 12
hours we're talking about seven
Palestinians who have been killed by
Israeli forces and by Israeli settlers
in different raids that took place in
the occupied West Bank including a raid
that demolished the home of a
Palestinian that Israel accuses of
committing an attack against Israelis in
July also another 14-year-old in a deesa
refugee camp as a part of another raid
so it is an intense situation and we're
seeing the number of arrests also
jumping higher and higher we've been
reporting uh 80 now the number has
raised to 97 basically bringing the
total of those arrested since the
beginning of the escalation in the
besieged Gaza Strip to more than 850
Palestinians arrested by the Israeli
forces so and already we're expecting
this number to rise as the count is
still ongoing for who was arrested who
was killed and who was injured okay Nita
Abraham bring us the latest there from
the occupied West Bank thanks very much
Nita